Draft Variable Sets API docs (#1930)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/api/changelog.html.md

Keep track of changes to the API for Terraform Cloud and Terraform Enterprise.

### 2021-10-29

> * Introduced the [Varible Sets](./variable-sets.html) endpoints for viewing and dministering Variable Sets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Introduced the [Variable Sets](./variable-sets.html) endpoints for viewing and administering Variable Sets
```
